# hyper63 Contributor Meeting Agenda

Mission is to dramatically improve the application development process to create future-proof applications.

* What is hyper63? A service gateway?
* What is hyper63 to a hosted customer? A Data Management Service?
* Current Status
* As a software dev team what do I need from a Data Management Service to effectively build and maintain applications with high flow?

    * A RestClient in my language of choice
    * A hosted service
    * Examples
    * Access to logs/stats

* Migration Services
* Team Accounts, Multi-tenancy
* Comparison Information against other like things, heroku, vercel, etc

Handing off projects from vendor to client in agencies (address migration strategies, between accounts)

Think about projects and teams? Could separate with authentication, and a private express app for the service. This express app would handle JWT Secrets and get the account name and team name, then call a host service to get the 
config information for the adapters. (have to think through this???)

---

Free Tier

* 1000 data documents
* 1000 search documents
* 100 MB of storage
* ?? Cache


## hyper63 product idea - DataModeling Tool

Data modeling application, allows product managers, architects, developers to create data models for an
application and generate validation schemas and other artifacts from those models.

> It would be an electron application using svelte and tailwindcss

## hyper63 event manager - open source (maybe)

## provide updates via video for Bryan's team, using camtasia and youtube unlisted videos

## create a demo of insomnia designer, core, and ci

Questions for students

What was the hardest part of the project?
What did technology layer did you enjoy the most? Frontend, Backend, Data?


